hey what's up everybody and welcome to
today's episode of learning from the
pros joining me today is TBO Weller he
is the demand marketing manager at
unmuted and he's goingon to be sharing
his 10 tips on Pipeline acceleration
welcome too thanks for having me
syo I'm pumped to have you I I saw your
post on LinkedIn a while back on uh
pipeline acceleration which kind of
inspired this whole conversation today
and I was like oh my God not enough
people are talking about pipeline
acceleration and how they can use it in
their advertising and it's something
that you guys have been trying and you
found success with so I'm pumped for you
to get into your tips today around
pipeline acceleration and kind of your
experience with it so why don't you
start us off with just like a quick
background on yourself and and what you
do sure yeah I'm Teo 24 from uh France
and Germany I work at ad mutat we're a
B2B SAS marketing agency so we we help
SAS companies for now mainly the
Netherlands but slowly expanding in
Europe with our marketing activities
which goes from like strategic go to
market activities to executional content
Work video work uh Performance Marketing
design websites Etc so really the full
suit and yeah myself at the muted as you
said I'm a demand marketing manager so
different term for uh what most people
would call demand generation and I think
quite a big part of it is also uh on the
performance SES running LinkedIn ads
Google ads other platforms so yeah and
one of the playbooks that we love to run
at and muted almost for all of the
customers that start with us I'm
personally a big fan of his pipeline ACC
eration and yeah I guess we'll jump into
it explain what it is and then uh give
some tips sounds good so let's uh let's
kick off with tip number
one perfect so yeah pipeline
acceleration maybe sounds like a like a
fancy term so I'll explain a little bit
what it is uh for some context and then
uh we'll go into the tips but yeah to
begin with so pipeline obviously not
something I think I need to to explain
uh an acceleration means that the
pipeline goes quicker so the things in
the pipeline kind of flow quicker which
basically just means that you help the
deals go from one stage to another
quicker and hopefully from the time that
the deal enters the pipeline until it's
hopefully closed one that that time is
reduced as much as possible so that your
uh your sales cycle is as fast as
possible which is obviously something
that uh yeah all sales marketing go to
market people would want that's kind of
broadly speaking what it is um and in a
little bit more more practical terms
what it means is that if a company has a
deal in your pipeline what you want to
do is to help convincing the dmu and
maybe not just the person the champion
that you're speaking to about the DL
this company um you want to show ads
LinkedIn ads to the wider dmu and not
just this one person um and to kind of
force that yes you could have
retargeting but that would imply that
the person needs to be first on the
website or on your company page or has
engaged with some of your ads which is
an assumption that you can make but most
likely it could be that the decision
maker or the blocker within the dmu
hasn't been been on your website just
yet which is maybe something that
happens more at the very end of the the
deal stages when they need to yeah give
final approval but yeah that's probably
maybe too late for you to win the deal
so what you want to do is show LinkedIn
ad you can really uh yeah tell the full
story to those people much earlier uh in
the deal process um to kind of warm them
up so that when they need to make a
decision they're like oh yeah I've heard
about this company before and like now
this person internally is uh wants me to
you know give final approval you know
unlock some budget for it yeah I trust
this company I think they have a great
product this is this is such a great use
of targeted awareness because just to
unpack that for everybody you're going
after open opportunities you have an
open deal with these people you want to
stay in front of them you use the word
dmu that stands for decision maker I'm
assuming y okay correct just just just
for everybody you know we're keeping up
with all the acronyms here in B2B land
for sure so we we gota we got to get in
front of thec are acers and uh we want
to make sure that we're staying top of
mind the really cool thing too about
pipeline acceleration campaigns is the
relatively low budget you know depending
on your business and how many open deals
you have you might not have a lot of
open deals so you might not need a lot
of um investment to actually get in
front of these folks and it's like if
you're going to get in front of anybody
it's get in front of the people that
you're actively talking to right now
where there's a deal on the table and
then to tbo's point like how can we stay
top of Mind reinforce the value we bring
and hold hopefully that will lead to
some uh meaningful point of close of
like a deal being closed especially in
B2B where the sales cycle length can
vary dramatically it's a crazy like I
have a client their sales cycle length
is 36 months 36 months can you imagine I
mean they sell it to government so
that's why it takes so freaking long but
it's like you know staying top of mind
is is half the the battle so that's I
think that's a really good kind of
context for everyone listen like what
pipeline acceleration is so uh why don't
you kick us off with like how to start
actually actioning
this yeah sure so indeed now you know a
little bit about what it is um hopefully
you're sold on the on the Playbook
itself and then the next question is
like okay how do I actually set this up
if you've run LinkedIn ads before it's
actually not that difficult and I would
say maybe this is sort of like a
prerequisite to run this you should be
comfortable with with LinkedIn ad
ideally you already have a retargeting
audience which sorry retargeting
Campaign which means that you have
creatives Etc so I won't go into like
how to run LinkedIn that um I'm assuming
here that this is something that you
have running and you have the assets for
it so if you have a retiring campaign
yeah that's enough I would say but what
what you want to do of course is show
ads like we said to the people uh to the
dmu of each deal so what you need to
know to do is that in LinkedIn you
should be able to Target the companies
which have an active deal in your
pipeline and also not just on the
company level but also adding job titles
so that you can really choose which
people in which departments or with what
job titles at this company of which a
deal is in my pipeline should be part of
this or are part of the zmu and should
be seeing LinkedIn ad so the the best
way to do that is depending on I'm I'm
assuming most people use hopspot to
Salesforce I'm going to go with hopspot
because that's what we mainly use if you
have a paid marketing plan so like
marketing starter marketing Pro Etc you
can connect hopspot to LinkedIn I
directly and then as soon as you can
build a pretty easy workflow that as
soon as there's a deal in your pipeline
then there Associated company gets sent
to LinkedIn ads within an audience and
then that audience can obviously be used
in your campaigns targeting where you
you call the audence like deals or
companies with a deal in the pipeline
and then you set that as the targeting
so an uploaded company list uh and the
targeting of your campaign most likely
if you're doing LinkedIn as you run uh
adds to an account list like an ABM
account list it's very similar concept
it's a list of accounts uh but instead
of finding those accounts elsewhere
you're just sending them from spots
given that they have a deal in the
pipeline send those to LinkedIn ads um
and then use that as a targeting for
your pipeline acceleration commit TBO
questions so just to unpack that we are
creating a dynamic list from HubSpot of
all open opportunities we're pushing
into LinkedIn so that we can now run ads
against these open Ops and because it's
a dynamic list every time a new deal uh
hits that stage they automatically get
added into this campaign which is
incredible you mentioned earlier around
leveraging job title targets in for this
uh this approach on top of the open
opportunities if somebody doesn't have
the luxury of audience size what do you
do in those
instances yeah I would say apply the
logic that you would usually do when you
have a other size that are too small
that is too small which like you said
could happen for companies that don't
have that many deals or maybe if you're
starting out with retargeting um in the
first few days you don't have more than
300 people which is the minimum minimum
audience size on LinkedIn then what I
would do there is maybe not go too
specific to job titles so I guess Step
One is instead of you know only focusing
on you know head of marketing content
marketer and performance marketer let's
say that was your dmu um instead of
being that specific maybe you zoom out a
little bit and just go with uh job
function targeting and then Target the
marketing department yes you will show
ads to a little bit more people which is
like wasted spend in a way but we're
trying to make it work with with uh yeah
with small audiences as well um and if
that's still too small if you still
don't get to to 300 people
then you could argue if it's like if the
the companies that you're targeting are
small enough where there isn't like I
don't know more than 50 employees you
could say okay let's just run out to the
to the whole company that way you also
maybe Target the CFO and the CEO which
you know you never know might be
involved in actually the decision-
making process um which could be a win
in
itself but yeah I would say adjust it
based on your Audi size and how big the
dmu is but yeah that's a that's a tip
and for everyone listening that that
isn't using HubSpot you can also do this
in zap year the dynamic audiences so
through zap year you have the the
possibility to set up a sync between
whatever your CRM is and Linkedin ads so
if you don't fall into the the Blessed
HubSpot category where everything is
easy for you you can you can use zap
here and and zap here will kind of help
you get the rest of the way there all
right so we talked about what is
pipeline acceleration we talked about uh
how to approach the retargeting and
building those audiences to get in front
of those open Ops uh what is your third
tip
here yeah um so this is maybe more of a
of a pro tip or assuming that you have
big enough volume so we just talked
about what to do with maybe you don't
have that big volumes but let's talk
also about the opposite of that so let's
say You're really big company you're
yeah you're running links out at scale
you have multiple deals uh coming in
every day it could make sense that
depending on the job tile of the dmu and
also assuming that your dmu is not just
one or two persons but maybe five or 10
that you know some of them are in
finance some of them are in marketing
maybe the CEO is also involved so yeah
just having a job title around marketing
might not cut it what you could do is
have a campaign targeted at each job
title and then adjust the messaging so
the ad creative so which ads are
actually showing and what ad says to
really tailor that to the job T that
you're targeting because I think we all
know that speaking to a CFO or CMO or a
CEO or a Content marketer isn't the same
like using the same messaging for
everyone is completely fine if you don't
really have the volume for it but uh
sort of a next step if you do have the
volumes for it it's nice to really speak
to each individual Persona probably the
CFO want some sort of you know messaging
around Roi okay what's the budget what
can I expect out of it the marketer
which might be your Champion is more is
more interested around the actual
product like okay what can I build with
it use cases Etc maybe the CMO is
somewhat similar but needs needs it to
be a little bit more high level because
they're just kind of signing it off so
yeah you could have a campaign with
creatives really targeted for each job
title so that each person in dmu really
hears what they want to hear and
hopefully that unlocks the deal from
being blocked further than the pipeline
that's so like I think Inception you
know like a dream within a dream can you
imagine what that looks like in in
practice you know the finance department
of the open op that you're speaking to
is receiving content and and hearing
like a completely different story than
the the folks in the marketing
department or the folks in the sales
department or whatever that that looks
like for you and then you're creating
this story that helps make your case in
real time with these these different
individuals outside of just your sales
toam yeah yeah I mean if you think about
it in like in like big Enterprise sales
processes where there's an RFP Etc I
think there's even like in The Proposal
there's always like sections like hey if
you're the CFO here's what you need to
know sometimes that's also even on the
website messaging for example or sales
would set up a call with the CFO and
then with the CEO and then with the CMO
to really speak to every Persona the
concept is the same but we linked as
linked as we can do that at scale for
every deal that's in your pipeline uh
without having to set up a one-onone
call which obviously takes time and
resources Etc so the concept is the same
but it allows you to do it much cheaper
much more efficiently yeah at a way
bigger scale to all of the deals in your
pipeline but yeah the idea of like
really adapting the messaging to the
person that you're speaking um so that
the yeah the message resonates more
that's what it's about yeah I know I
know everyone listening right now is
probably like on the edge of their seat
they're like okay I'm sold this is
really cool they're probably thinking
now how do I measure this and like how
should I think about this which I know
is your next tip so why don't you walk
us through that yeah sure I think if you
uh if you've been running LinkedIn ads
for a while I think sort of the
attribution or like okay how do I know
it's working how can I show my team or
the wther company like hey you know
LinkedIn ad is actually doing something
of course you know there's in platform
metrics which are nice and good but
while we actually usually care about on
a on a company level is like uh okay
what what does that mean in terms of
Revenue right so if you run LinkedIn ads
to a cold to a list of cold accounts you
can hope for a demo you can see some
signals Etc hopefully the demo closes
down the line but right here we're
talking about pipeline acceleration so
it's people that are in your pipeline
they've already made it past the book a
demo stage um and then hopefully later
on the deal closes and and then you want
to be able to say okay my my playbook
pipeline acceleration has been able to
you know make some sort of impact on
this deal and we can attribute some of
it some of deal actually closing to
Linkin ads to this Playbook that we're
running so in Practical terms um how you
would do that is inside of LinkedIn
LinkedIn just rolled out a new feature
called companies which is this new tab
which makes this even easier than it was
before but let's say you have a deal
that closed and then you go to campaign
manager go to the audiences to the
company tab type in the name of the
company that just closed and then you
are able to see the amount of
Impressions you used to be able to see
the amount of members that you reached
which now LinkedIn retired which is a
shame but at least we still see the
amount of Impressions over time and then
you can say hey this year closed they
saw x amount of Impressions whatever
thousand Impressions over the last you
know two months which is maybe your your
average Sal cycle and then you can kind
of estimate like okay they've been
seeing quite some ads I think it's so
not fair enough to say that this has
this had at least an impact in uh
staying top of mine during the sales
process and yeah that's kind of how you
can justify it's working like on a on a
big scale and if you get lucky some
people might be engaging with your ads
like leaving a like maybe the CFO likes
the ad and then this is a great signal
like oh they've actually engaged with
the ads or they left the comment Etc so
these are some more some more signals
that you can check but yeah in compaign
manager the company's tab is a where you
can check how it's going nice yeah we'll
Link in the we'll Link in the show notes
some examples of the company manager so
if you guys want to see what that looks
like just check out the article this
video is a part of and we'll have some
screenshots there walking through it but
yeah it's a great that's a great plug
too around that new feature because
definitely it's it's brand new so so
most people aren't aware about it yeah
and maybe maybe another another tip this
is sort of if you want to do this for
free if you don't want to add extra tool
Ling to get more insides into your
LinkedIn ads um but of course if you
have a little bit more budget there's a
tool called fibler which is yeah still
very cheap um which also sends uh add
Impressions on a company level back to
hopspot uh then you have all of this
data in hopspot so even your sales team
can see like oh this company that just
closed or that is about to close they
have been seeing you know 2,000
Impressions over the last 30 days and
then you have that data in hopspot which
is even nicer I think than you can see
when it closes and if you have really
bigger budgets then you can obviously
invest in a tool an attribution tool
like hockey stack or dream data which I
think gives you a lot more insights into
the impact of your Linked toet In
general but also within pipeline
acceleration so that's more on the
LinkedIn out side of things and if you
zoom out a little bit obviously running
this Playbook at the end of the day like
I said in the beginning should reduce
your sales cycle length that's also when
you know it working it's working better
um and you also should have higher Rin
rates because you're speaking to the
wider dmu which should help you win more
deals so those are some more business
level metrics that you can track that
you should see improvements in over time
for you to get a feeling uh that yeah
this is working obviously there's a ton
of things outside of LinkedIn ad and
marketing that affect those metrics but
yeah it can impact it and you can kind
of see that as well nice awesome yeah I
think that's going to be super help for
everyone listening so on the micro side
we're using the company reporting from
the LinkedIn LinkedIn ads understanding
the exposure by accounts with
Impressions trying to make that
correlation and then on the macro side
we're more so looking at sales cycle
length reduction and then also our win
rates to see okay for the exposed cohort
are we actually seeing a notable
difference and and for those of you
listening where you're skeptical and
you're like I don't know if this really
works and you want more proof and you
know you want like an Apples to Apples
comparison something that we've
personally done on the agency side uh in
the past is we have broken it out into
cohorts so like if you have for example
instead of using the the dynamic list
and setting up the what Tio walk through
if you're just starting out you can just
take your existing open op split it in
half run ads against half of them and
then don't touch the other half and then
see the half that you expose with the
ads do you actually notice a meaningful
difference in terms of win rates and
sales cycle lengths like like we're
talking about and then that could be a
good way for you to kind of get that buy
in and understanding of like oh wait
this this actually works this actually
is a good investment and then from there
you can you know kind of take it to the
next step with the automations you could
even depending on how your relationship
is with your Champion or the dmu you
could even ask them like hey have you
guys been seeing LinkedIn ads like did
that you know did you see those those
ads like did that help you in any way
kind of we stay top of mind that way um
yeah you can ask those questions if you
uh if you feel comfortable with them
totally the basics people it works ask y
ask questions all right what's the uh
the next tip you got for us the next tip
is that let's say you have this up and
running it's great it's working for you
it's a very practical tip but I think a
mistake that could be costly and maybe
also hurt the customer that you just
landed during their on boarding phase
but yeah don't forget to stop showing
them ads obviously it's easy to send the
companies from hopspot to LinkedIn ads
and show ads to those people but yeah as
soon as the deal closes they shouldn't
be seeing the ads anymore well obviously
that's it would be wasted spend and it
might be a little bit annoying for them
if they just keep seeing the ads to buy
a product that they're already a
customer of so yeah make sure you're uh
you stop showing the ads this can all be
automated nicely in um in hopspot so
that for example as soon as the life
cycle stage in hopspot changes from
opportunity to customer that that is a
trigger that again then send the company
to LinkedIn ads and then you build an
exclusion audience which you add in the
targeting of your uh pipeline
acceleration campaign so that yeah those
customers that closed uh don't get ads
anymore don't get shown ads anymore and
that way you don't bother them and you
also don't waste money on Impressions
that you don't really need anymore
that's a practical tip for the end of
the process y totally 100% agree with
that I mean I don't really have anything
to add on that like that's just like
yeah do it people yeah it's a must if
you forget about it it's it's just a
little bit annoying uh and I feel like
people get excited about setting things
up and right it's running and stuff but
uh yeah there's also sort of the end of
it which yeah just a good good thing to
not forget about it 100% I think now we
are on tip five or six correct okay kick
us off with the next one yeah so tip
number five is that now we've talked
about net new business so Landing new
customers but of course you can use a
very similar Playbook to uh work on UPS
sales and cross sales so let's say you
launch a new product and you want to
kind of pitch this new product to
existing customers you could run the
exact same Playbook and I think so some
companies probably have a upsell or
cross cross sell pipeline so yeah just
the same Playbook and then in the ad
creatives um you can just talk about the
features of your new product why should
be using them maybe the CSM has some
sort of video explaining it Etc so yeah
don't limit yourself to using this
playbook for getting new business uh but
you can also apply the exact same
playbook for for getting UPS sales cross
sales or promoting new product launches
and uh and hoping that your existing
customers maybe reach out to you or that
it also helps the csms with the yeah
with the
upsell that's fire I don't think a lot
of folks are doing that so if you have
the opportunity that's what a cool way
way to use ads you know I love these
kind of conversations because when we
think of ads we're just thinking like
form fills demo requests trial sign up
like what creative ways to expand ads to
to get in front of the people that
matter yeah there's there's more to it
and I think LinkedIn ads being such a
good platform because the targeting is
so so capable like you can be super
specific in super narrow so specific
companies with specific job titles yeah
basically what what you think you know
could work just making sure that people
see the right message at the right time
at the right company if it's new
business or upsells it doesn't matter
but yeah that stuff that stuff works
that's awesome all right tip number
six yeah so we were really focused now
on uh on LinkedIn ads but of course
there's other ways to help you know the
deal move down the pipeline and or you
know getting higher win rates um so you
don't have to specifically focus on
LinkedIn ads you can also add meta
retargeting for example so that people
also see ads when they browse social
media Facebook Instagram Etc what we
also recommend is to not purely rely on
LinkedIn ads but also use LinkedIn
organic so probably this is something
that your sales team is doing anyways
but maybe the sales team maybe your head
of sales Chief commercial officer and
maybe also some people of the marketing
team whoever is big on posting on
LinkedIn these people should connect
with the people within the dmu so that
their content kind of gets in their feed
and then that's free Impressions um that
you don't have to pay for for of course
so using LinkedIn organic which is maybe
a more genuine way of talking about the
product and uh and creating this sort of
brand awareness and stay top of mind and
on top of that on the other side you
have like the the paid LinkedIn ads to
really get this sort of surround
surround sound system that if if someone
that's in the dmu of a deal in your
pipeline if they open LinkedIn they will
be seeing your ads and also the content
from your C marketing team whatever your
CEO so make sure that you yeah you share
those profiles that are in your pipeline
with your team so that they can connect
and then it's not just LinkedIn ads but
also your organic LinkedIn posting
efforts that reach to
dmu I love that it's it's really like
this team effort and you're all you know
sales should technically be doing this
anyways and if they're not this is like
a massive opportunity so now what you're
doing is you are working on top of the
good stuff that sales is already doing
right so they ideally they're already
connecting they're already sending
Outreach messages they're already uh
comment on on these dmus posts and then
in addition to that you're also guarante
and I think for everyone listening ads
is just guaranteed distribution you're
just guaranteeing distribution in front
of like this very selective group of
people that matter to your business and
like tibo's walking us through this
master class on like how to do it for
this specific stage of your life cycle
and that's such a good reminder like
LinkedIn ads is not in isolation so
LinkedIn organic you also mentioned meta
ads what what is the thinking there is
that like meta remarketing or you using
like third- party contact lists yeah no
what I was thinking is is remarketing or
retargeting obviously meta doesn't have
as much data as LinkedIn on job ties Etc
so you can't be that precise or like
upload company company list Etc So Meta
would just be retargeting which does
mean that they need to be on your
website which as we said in the
beginning they might not have visited
your website until the very end of the
sales process which is fine but I think
the point I'm trying to make is more
that don't Focus purely on LinkedIn ads
also focus on other channels uh wherever
you can you know get impressions whether
that's meta or Reddit uh where you can
also do retargeting by the way or uh
LinkedIn organic or maybe you want to
send them a gift or you want to invite
them to an event or their the prospect
is going to attend the webinar it
doesn't have to limit uh to be limited
to LinkedIn and it's just anything that
will help to deal advanc in the pipeline
that will help the decision makers you
know answer questions or doubts that
they might have anything that makes the
deal move forward in the pipeline that
accelerates the deal which is pipeline
acceleration those should be activities
that you can also consider it it should
only be LinkedIn ads but yeah like you
said it's really this this encompassing
thing of of helping people move through
the the DL
stages totally all right tip number
seven tip number seven uh I'm a big fan
of thought leader ads which is an ad
format that was released I think about a
year ago on LinkedIn for those that
don't know what th R are is that you
post uh a post on LinkedIn so an organic
post and then what you then do is that
you take this this post and then you put
money behind it so you turn this post
into an ad basically but the cool thing
is that it really doesn't look like an
ad which I feel like maybe people are
getting somewhat good at spotting ads
and just kind of not really looking at
them but yeah these organic posts it
just said in very small text like
promoted by and then your company name
it's a much more smooth way of running
an ad than you know having the typical
Square creative with some product Visual
and then some copy which people just
immediately flag like oh yeah this is
and that they're trying to sell me
something so yeah let's say you have a a
head of sales that's posting a lot of
you know useful content about your
product about the challenges that it's
it's solving Etc you can use those
organic posts and you you know you how
good they are because people react or
not to them so use the best performing
posts and then turn those into an ad
which is a thought leader ad um and then
again you don't even have to create
new ads you can just use organic content
that you know performs well because
people have engaged with it before and
push that as an ad and you know using
the benefits of LinkedIn ads which is
super precise targeting then you can
really get that guaranteed impression
which is a the term mve been using I
think which is really nice yeah you can
really force that post to be seen by
your dmu whereas if it's just an organic
post you know they might never see it if
they're not connected to the person
which is why you should connect with
them but yeah the post is to use th
leader ads to turn organic content that
performs into a n itself and without
making it look like a
n I love this like just imagine this in
practice to your prospect you know
they're in an active conversation with
someone on your sales team let's say and
then that sales team member is posting
content on LinkedIn that's relevant for
for that
company and then you're taking their
organic posst and you're promoting it as
a thought leader ad against this Target
account list of open deals and now
they're seeing content from the person
that they're in a conversation with
which gives them more credibility and I
think most people don't give this as
much credit but when you're dealing with
long sales Cycles there is something
towards like the the phrase around
perception is reality and if people see
you more often they will perceive you as
more credible they will perceive you as
more reliable more trustworthy than if
they never hear from you right they're
going to think you're dodging or maybe
you're not as scammy or reliable Etc and
the cool thing about this is again this
is a very small group of people so like
you think like massive fish very very
small pond so in their eyes they're like
wow these guys are everywhere but in
reality you're just getting in front of
like a really targeted group of people
across
platforms yeah I think that's a really
good point which uh is another benefit
of thly RS that I did mention is that it
looks as if the person posted it rather
than the company right so if you see the
typical LinkedIn ad it says the company
name the company logo you're like okay
it's a company trying to advertise it's
not very personal but indeed like you're
saying if it's the salesperson the SDR
the AE whatever that you're already that
the prospect is in touch with and then
they see a post from this AE saying how
you know they help this other customer
and Achieve these results and then they
see the picture the LinkedIn profile
picture of the AE that they're speaking
to inside of LinkedIn it's like it's you
have to really spot that it's an ad by
this small text uh but yeah it makes it
come across Much More Much More genuine
um and you can build a lot of social
proof that way so that's a really good
uh good addition totally all right I
know we're coming up on time so we've
got two tips left I think we're on tip
number eight now so let's uh let's go to
tip number eight yeah another uh another
tip to kind of get a feeling for for how
it's going I think I'm a big fan of like
signals in general whether that be like
someone liking your post or commenting
your post or maybe they clicked on it
they land on your website which is which
is what this tip is about try to find
out which people are seeing your ads and
also therefore maybe directly clicking
on it and landing on your website or
maybe they're just seeing the ads and
then they're like oh I'm going to check
out this tool which they might not be
directly involved in the sales process
but you know they've been seeing the ad
so they might get a little bit curious
and then they hear about their colleague
like hey um you know I got a demo from
this tool like maybe you should check it
out as well it's pretty cool so it's
nice to kind of know who is visiting
your website because that can be like a
nice signal of like okay we're building
some interest here it's not just my
Champion talking to me it looks like
also their CMO is checked out their
websites yeah the really cool thing is
that there's a sort of Ip identification
tools which allows you to understand who
is visiting your website I think in in
the US for example with rb2 you can get
person level identifications so you
really know which person has been on
your website which is kind of crazy in
Europe here we have gdpr and stuff so we
cannot get person level um
identification but at least you get to
to know which companies are visiting
your websit so yeah let's say you have
100 deals in the pipeline and uh you
have a tool like lead info lead feeder
you can see maybe 20 of them actually
Vis the website which also kind of gives
you a feeling like okay these people
seem to be more interested um and if
like next level is that you have person
level identification and then you can
really see like oh it's not just my
Champion like maybe he also sent the
website to the CFO who's also been
checking it out so this kind of gives
you or the sales team a better feeling
for like okay how engaged is this person
and if you kind of aggregate all those
signals so someone liking it someone
visiting the website the overall
Impressions to that company and then
maybe someone's like having DM
conversations on it Etc like these are
all kind of signals that if you
aggregate them you can get a feel for
how the deal is going and the more of
those signals there are the more
interactions there are usually that's a
positive sign that the deal has higher
chances of of closing or that it will
close close faster yeah it's a really
great tip and for everyone listening if
you are using tools like our RB Tob or
some other ones the resolution rate is
pretty poor it's like 15% I last I
checked in terms of like how many people
they're able to actually identify as
contacts I mean it's better than zero
but but generally speaking don't feel
like if you are based in Europe you're
like oh my God I can't use something
like that I'm doomed for failure it's
it's not really the case in reality like
most of us in the US using those tools
we don't get much of a match rate
anyways so typically we do rely on the
account level stuff more so than the the
person level and to your point it's just
like an additional signal hey are we
getting Signs of Life here right like is
is this working and these are all things
you can kind of rely on to get more
confidence in the process that you're
you're embarking on yep I a last one uh
last tip I think that would make number
10 which I didn't really prep but uh
just coming up on the fly with it just
so that we have a nice uh yeah 10 uh 10
item long tip list obviously we talked
about uh winning deals uh which is which
is all great uh but I think a very
important thing to keep in mind is also
looking at okay the deals that we lost
uh because that means that your pipeline
or well the deal process didn't work and
your pipeline acceleration well it
didn't work either because the deal
didn't even close so you can get quite a
lot of Intel from looking at closed loss
deals um I think probably hopefully the
company that you work at has Clos loss
reasons so you kind of monitor okay why
did we lose this deal and ideally as
well you you have those things
categorized so you can lose on pricing
on timing uh against competitors you
know whatever it may be looking at that
data over a year will give you a lot of
intelligence and like okay we're losing
a lot of deals to this customer or we're
losing a lot of deals because you know
the pricing is too high and these this
is sort of data and input that you can
use to then tweak the ads that you're
showing uh in inut during the pipeline
acceleration campaign to try to sort of
um yeah to try to apprehend those those
things that might lead to the deal
losing at the end so you can use this
data to create better creatives better
messaging to then try to still increase
your run rate so practical example let's
say after a year of data you've seen
okay it seems like we're losing a lot of
deals to competitor XYZ right um it
could make sense in your ad rotation to
then add an ads that you know a lot of
people in the de in the deal process are
considered ing competitors specifically
this one which we know we tend to lose a
lot of deal to you could add an ad that
shows like the competitor versus you and
why you are the better solution for
example very practical example but just
the point is use some of the data around
deals that didn't win so the deals that
you close lost to kind of help to tweak
the messaging the ads that you're
showing to hopefully reduce or have less
deals Clos loose because of those
reasons because you've addressed them
earlier in the pipeline fire just I wish
I had like those little stream boards
where I can do like sounds you know like
mic drops and things like that 100% I I
mean there's so much gold that we have
sitting in our CRM of course depending
on the amount of data you have this is
where people say you hear things say
like being said like data is a
competitive advantage and this is where
you start to see how data can become a
competitive Advantage because you have
access to all this information your CRM
just sitting there and then you have a
platform like LinkedIn which enables you
to get very granular in terms of how you
activate on against that data so if you
do have you know some of these things
may may not apply to you right like
maybe you don't have enough closed loss
deals right you're a newer startup well
you know for the future this is
something you could set up or like we
talked about earlier in terms of like
accelerating these deals if you can't go
super granular based on the title level
then you can do it on the function level
or hey even just the whole freaking
company but if it's a small enough
company no worries like you know then
you can set the necessary exclusions so
all in all I hope if anyone takes
anything from this episode it's the
value and the data that they have
sitting in their uh CRM and how you
don't need a massive ad budget to make
an a massive impact and if you can get
strategic with the messaging that you're
using and how you're exposing your
accounts you can actually accelerate
deals and use this data in meaningful
ways like we talked about acceleration
we talked about Revival and even
potentially expanding deals as well in
terms of like new one customers TBO this
was incredible if people want to connect
with you where can they find you
LinkedIn place to be awesome guys make
sure to connect with TBO we will drop
his uh LinkedIn in the show notes and uh
if you guys are looking for an agency
and you're based in the Netherlands
definitely check out unmuted T also does
some incredible content I'm gonna
definitely plug your stuff because it's
awesome um he's doing all these like fun
skits and he's going all around the town
and like uh filming these videos so
definitely check out his LinkedIn and
you're going to be pleasantly surprised
thanks so much for being here if you
guys aren't subscribed already be sure
to do so and we will see you in the next
episode take care